feat: add failover command (#1634)
mongodb/mongodb-atlas-cli: docs/atlascli/command/atlas-clusters-failover.txt

.. _atlas-clusters-failover:

=======================
atlas clusters failover
=======================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

Starts a failover test for the specified cluster in the specified project.

Clusters contain a group of hosts that maintain the same data set. A failover test checks how MongoDB Cloud handles the failure of the cluster's primary node. During the test, MongoDB Cloud shuts down the primary node and elects a new primary.

Syntax
------

.. code-block::

   atlas clusters failover <clusterName> [options]

.. Code end marker, please don't delete this comment

Arguments
---------

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 10 10 60

   * - Name
     - Type
     - Required
     - Description
   * - clusterName
     - string
     - true

>      - Name of the cluster to start a failover test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Human-readable label that identifies the cluster to start a failover test for.
```

Options
-------

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 10 10 60

   * - Name
     - Type
     - Required
     - Description
   * - --force
     - 
     - false

>      - If specified, skips asking for confirmation before proceeding with a requested action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Flag that indicates whether to skip the confirmation prompt before proceeding with the requested action.
```

Author: I will address this, projectId and profile changes as a separate PR because it would trigger a regeneration on basically every single command

   * - -h, --help
     - 
     - false
     - help for failover
   * - --projectId
     - string
     - false

>      - Project ID to use. Overrides the settings in the configuration file or environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Hexadecimal string that identifies the project to use. This option overrides the settings in the configuration file or environment variable.
```

Inherited Options
-----------------

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 10 10 60

   * - Name
     - Type
     - Required
     - Description
   * - -P, --profile
     - string
     - false

>      - Profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/cli/stable/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings/. To learn about profiles for MongoCLI, see https://www.mongodb.com/docs/mongocli/stable/configure/configuration-file/.
> 

Reviewer: For links to the product documentation, request someone from the Docs team create persistent dochub URLs. I created a couple for these.

```suggestion
     - Human-readable label that identifies the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings. To learn about profiles for MongoCLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-configuration-file.

```
